Add a test framework (#746)
scality/metalk8s: tests/README.md

# Tests

## Tags
Tags are used to filter tests and are indicated by `@<tag name>` at the top of the feature file.

To limit the scope of the test session to the scenarios with tag `@example_tag`, specify the
filter to tox with `-k`, which will pass it through to the underlying pytest command.

> `tox -e tests -- -k "example_tag"`

Reviewer: Something's off in these 2 lines. First command seems correct, next line missing `-e`, and shouldn't be duplicated of course.

# Tests

## Tags

> Tags are used to filter tests, it can be added as `@<tag name>` in top of the feature file.

Reviewer 2: `s/, it can be added as/ and are indicated by/`
`s/in top/at the top`

Also, can't we tag individual tests, not just an entire feature file?

Author: tags are just a fancy implementation of a markers, pytest supports `-k regex` on the test name maybe there are other markers not sure

Reviewer 2: From a quick search apparently you can tag individual scenarios.

# Tests

## Tags
Tags are used to filter tests, it can be added as `@<tag name>` in top of the feature file.

> Once seti, to limit the test session of tests with tag `@example_tag` you need to append the options to the pytest commmand

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To limit the scope of the test session to the scenarios with tag `@example_tag`, specify the
filter to tox with `-k`, which will pass it through to the underlying pytest command.

`tox -e tests -- -k "example_tag"`
```
